Why was the math book sad? It had a lot of problems.
What did the spelling book say to the math book? "I know I can count on you." 
Why is six afraid of seven? Because seven eight nine. 
Did you hear about that one statistician? Probably....
Pi was fighting with an imaginary number: "Get real," pi says. "Be rational," the imaginary number says.
What's a math teacher's favorite kind of tree? Geometry. 
Why couldn't the angle get a loan? Its parents wouldn't cosine.
I'll do algebra, and I'll do trig. I'll even do statistics. But graphing is where I draw the line!
What's the best way to flirt with a mathematician? Use an acute angle ;) 
An engineer, a physicist, and a mathematician are staying in a hotel. The engineer wakes up and smells smoke. He goes out into the hallway and sees a fire, so he fills a trash can from his room with water and douses the fire. He goes back to bed. Later, the physicist wakes up and smells smoke. He opens his door and sees a fire in the hallway. He walks down the hall to a fire hose and after calculating the flame velocity, distance, water pressure, trajectory, etc., extinguishes the fire with the minimum amount of water and energy needed. Later, the mathematician wakes up and smells smoke. He goes to the hall, sees the fire and then the fire hose. He thinks for a moment and then exclaims, “Ah, a solution exists!” and then goes back to bed.
What do you call a political party in favor of agriculture? Pro-tractors.
Why was math class so long? The teacher kept going off on a tangent.
Why was algebra so easy for the Romans? X was always 10!
What do you get when you add 2n to 2n in French? It sounds 4n to me, too.
There are three people applying for the same job at a bank: a mathematician, a statistician, and an accountant. The interviewing committee asks the mathematician one question: “What is 500 plus 500?” The mathematician answers “1,000” without hesitation, and they send him along. Next, they call in the statistician and ask the same question. He thinks for a moment and answers “1,000… I’m 95 percent confident.” When the accountant comes in, he is asked the same question: “What is 500 + 500?” He bows and replies, “What would you like it to be?” They hire the accountant.
The problem with math puns is that calculus jokes are all derivative, trigonometry jokes are too graphic, algebra jokes are usually formulaic, and arithmetic jokes are pretty basic. But I guess the occasional statistics joke is an outlier.
What geometric shape removes spells and curses? A hexagon.
Why didn’t the quarter jump off a bridge with the dime? It had more cents.
Why did the triangle make the basketball team? It always made three-pointers.
Teacher: Why are you doing your multiplication on the floor? Student: You told me not to use tables.